Encode command for Protego CLI (#15)
brianmcmichael/protego: cli/README.md

## Usage

### CLI Commands

The Protego CLI supports the following commands:

> **1. List Spells (Default Command)**

Reviewer: Let's not have a default command. It's more confusing.
Put the old default command under `@dewiz/xyz list`.

We don't need to keep backwards compatibility, so it is preferable that we are explicit.

## Usage

### CLI Commands

The Protego CLI supports the following commands:

**1. `list` command**

This command lists spells based on the provided filters. It utilizes global options (like `--rpc-url`, `--from-block`, `--pause-address`) for context and has its own specific options (`--status`, `--format`) to control its behavior.

**Usage Examples:**

To list all `PENDING` spells from block `19420069` using default RPC and table format:

```bash
npx @dewiz-xyz/protego@latest list --status PENDING --from-block 19420069
```

To list `ALL` spells from the default block, using a custom RPC URL, and outputting in `JSON` format:

```bash
npx @dewiz-xyz/protego@latest list --rpc-url <your-custom-rpc-url> --format JSON
```

> **Global Options:**

Reviewer: I believe this section should come right after `## Usage`, before `### CLI Commands`, otherwise it feels a bit hard to follow.

Author: Done in [be7d555](https://github.com/sky-ecosystem/protego/pull/15/commits/be7d555476ad464cf49af77dde5d9b904778e0c5).

Options:
  -V, --version                    output the version number
  -r, --rpc-url <rpc-url>          Ethereum Node RPC URL (default: "https://mainnet.gateway.tenderly.co", env: ETH_RPC_URL)
  -b, --from-block <block-number>  Display spells from a given block (default: 0)
  --pause-address <address>        MCD_PAUSE contract address (default: "0xbE286431454714F511008713973d3B053A2d38f3")
  -h, --help                       display help for command

Commands:

>   list [options]                   List pending spells by status

Reviewer: We actually list all spells, not only the pending ones.
```suggestion
  list [options]                   List spells by status
```

Options:
  -V, --version                    output the version number
  -r, --rpc-url <rpc-url>          Ethereum Node RPC URL (default: "https://mainnet.gateway.tenderly.co", env: ETH_RPC_URL)
  -b, --from-block <block-number>  Display spells from a given block (default: 0)
  --pause-address <address>        MCD_PAUSE contract address (default: "0xbE286431454714F511008713973d3B053A2d38f3")
  -h, --help                       display help for command

Commands:
  list [options]                   List pending spells by status

>   encode                           Encode calldata to cancel Spells (Etherscan/Tenderly input)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  encode                           Encode calldata to drop spells (i.e: input for Etherscan/Tenderly  UIs)
```

Author: Done in [7de943b](https://github.com/sky-ecosystem/protego/pull/15/commits/7de943b76792a78f9f552d589ed2e6f88798ac32).

  help [command]                   display help for command
```

**Command Options:**

```

> (Use `node --trace-warnings ...` to show where the warning was created)

Reviewer: Can we get rid of this warning when running the command?

Usage: Protego CLI list [options]

List pending spells by status

Options:
  -s, --status <status>  Filter by status (choices: "PENDING", "DROPPED", "EXECUTED", "ALL", default: "ALL")
  -f, --format <format>  Output format (choices: "TABLE", "JSON", default: "TABLE")
  -h, --help             display help for command
```

Output can be a table for a quick glance at Spells or JSON: Better for copy and pasting into block explorers or transaction builders.

**Output - Table (default):**

```
╔═══════════════════╤═══════════════════╤═══════════════════╤═══════════════════╤════════════╤═════════════════════════════╤════════════╗
║ GUY               │ HASH              │ USR               │ TAG               │ FAX        │ ETA (UTC)                   │ STATUS     ║
╟───────────────────┼───────────────────┼───────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────────┼─────────────────────────────┼────────────╢
║ 0x113781...81e390 │ 0xe1ee25...dece22 │ 0x1AF95B...6BFD55 │ 0xb00835...61accb │ 0xc0406226 │ 1749170292 2025-06-06 00:38 │ PENDING    ║
╟───────────────────┼───────────────────┼───────────────────┼───────────────────┼────────────┼─────────────────────────────┼────────────╢

> ║ 0x113781...81e390 │ 0x87721f...5ba4ed │ 0x49cAA0...01E1fB │ 0xb00835...61accb │ 0xc0406226 │ 1749170292 2025-06-06 00:38 │ PENDING    ║

Reviewer: Maybe add the parenthesis here to match the format of `encode`.
I think we can use a short year format `25` instead of `2025` in both of them to save some space.

Author: Done in [1f83dcf](https://github.com/sky-ecosystem/protego/pull/15/commits/1f83dcf53cba7532ec5b4d3fdfed0c1880d6763c).

◉   hash: 0x23ca8dd38bb387e03f0962f48616f54e2149e40633f2a0d1cc99193dfe5ee701 | usr: 0x5Bf5A2fCC196CEA49593203b7e988103F3ed46AE | eta: 1749170028
◉   hash: 0x039e6de87a7f5ecf6b108ea6978db6e2c5e8a1de272d4f920f87f0e338f71bbc | usr: 0x3fdcc68a3c434B629D0E9308D02CdB5FB19c2867 | eta: 1749170028
◯   hash: 0x70ac05e4db11d143de5cc254c67a2c41a524adb43112a945dc9349ebaf004820 | usr: 0xE4407ef9Ef4BDA23f2b63B4ED8DEAeF3a78aA9A7 | eta: 1749170028
◯   hash: 0xbde8fb64c9fbaf4e72129dbc9313fd5133400ce5db38373adad5dbda1b846109 | usr: 0xC78354EE7DDd9C8Bdd8A88c84D925e2e8977443D | eta: 1749170028
◯   hash: 0xe890ce50c45d1c811eb5c09ab037fba35027d0a7ed0db24338f24f77cc966cb9 | usr: 0xa93e949A74E57806fEbD6dE2657E9fba0f4818C5 | eta: 1749170028
◯   hash: 0xe1ee25b3818453fe9f283b7f11bf9ea6c21c062329c4fb86b7472e228fdece22 | usr: 0x1AF95B825DCb36cf0fBB4Ff3cD05cf752B6BFD55 | eta: 1749170292
◯   hash: 0x87721f1b7f036bce3eea2569dad5e3ff2932413ff2ae26a8dcece0fec55ba4ed | usr: 0x49cAA015f300949336fb3519e59C6a9b8401E1fB | eta: 1749170292
◯ ↓ hash: 0xe163693acf1542472a882e888d91159f799383904ea4f3de4b58115f3740d5f2 | usr: 0x0c5fb8D0addBd19258BDbD9221D3F87D294Be590 | eta: 1749170292
```

> **Output:**

Reviewer 2: I think we should document in here the possible output formats, as it's currently just on the help message. 

I also think it would be helpful to indicate which one should be used for Etherscan, for example.

Reviewer: No, not the JSON, as this is more targeted to be consumed by scripts.
For the table, it looks okay, I'd only change the format to `Y-m-d`.

Reviewer: Yes, let's use UTC timezone for everything.
I just wonder how useful would it be to just display the date and not the time.
If we're thinking about a governance attack with multiple spells being scheduled in short time spans, there will be many of them with the same date, but probably different times.

Author: Done in [c1c881b](https://github.com/sky-ecosystem/protego/pull/15/commits/c1c881b85c2408bc6f6e2db6e9ef3ba1983f9582).

  - DROPPED: The plan was scheduled and subsequently dropped

**2. `encode`**

The `encode` command helps users generate the necessary calldata to cancel pending spells using the `drop(Plan[] calldata _plans)` function, typically on platforms like Etherscan or Tenderly.

It fetches all `PENDING` spells based on the global options provided (like `--rpc-url`, `--from-block`, `--pause-address`) and then interactively prompts the user to select which spells they want to encode for cancellation.

**Usage:**

```bash
npx @dewiz-xyz/protego@latest encode [global options]
# or when running locally
node cli encode [global options]
```

Global options are the same as for the default command (e.g., `--rpc-url`, `--from-block`).

**Example:**

To encode pending spells using default RPC and from the default block:

```bash
node cli encode
```

To encode pending spells using a specific RPC and from block `19500000`:

```bash
node cli encode --rpc-url <your-rpc-url> --from-block 19500000
```

```
? Select spells to be encoded for `drop(Plan[] calldata _plans)` ›
Instructions:
    ↑/↓: Highlight option
    ←/→/[space]: Toggle selection
    a: Toggle all
    enter/return: Complete answer

> ◯   hash: 0x91d2606652507a70f4a082d4fbdf1529fef75e0c3094334c38d35fb153e09466 | usr: 0x8c2e2C00718f29eeb49000C5413309944D4D9a7e | eta: 1745636796

Reviewer: Sorry, I don't think I was clear before.
I meant that `guy` should appear here in the options for the user to select, as they are probably the only info that users would have in normal circumstances.

Author: Done in [074b5ac](https://github.com/sky-ecosystem/protego/pull/15/commits/074b5ac3273a879d29a40abe3c473c8f74e03064).

Get pending plans since block 19420069

```bash

> npm run cli -- list --status PENDING --from-block 19420069

Reviewer 2: I think this is outdated, as there's no cli script defined on package.json. Same thing goes for all below. 

Additionally, `encode` is not present on the package.json as well, so there's no way to run it thru npm.

Author: Done in [5ac801e](https://github.com/sky-ecosystem/protego/pull/15/commits/5ac801ee4cd86e4b92c2a2c4baca913cf63c3a8e) (just removed npm scripts all together).
